good afternoon dear friends with you
Laboratories he my name is Stanislav
if you really want to have a tablet but
sorry to spend a lot of money on it
look at this acer device
iconia b1 711 is exactly the case
when the manufacturer compromised
and tried to do as much as possible
minimum functional device
price
something happened but no
case is in my hands now
really budget worthy
a device that is designed to solve and
numerous tablet tasks and
please your owner
tablet as you see it appeared
plump enough plump
weighty its size is 198 by 129 by 12
millimeters and weighs 330 grams more
part of the front panel takes you
see a 7 inch screen though
manufacturer left very large
not at all functional fields apparently this
need for ips matrix design with
1024 by 600 pixels resolution
16 to 9 aspect ratio
in the corner of the screen is a camera peephole 0
3 megapixels for video calls
on the top you see a nest for
headphone three and a half millimeter on
back cover numerous logos
speaker slot and the lid itself by
Do you know the classics ?
plastic as if slightly dull though with
mind normal gloss it is white like mine
in the hands well, it is black or dark blue
all controls are gathered on
right side of the device lives here and
button to turn on and lock the device
as well as the volume adjustment key way
they do not see the standard
rocker and this is a special button with
well distinguished by touch
tabs on the bottom of the device
there is an interface charging connector
micro usb
and just below under a special stub
memory card and sim card slots
I can say about technical stuffing
the following is not a powerful gaming station
but he did not think so dear
friends
he iconia b1 711 was created to
you could surf the internet to watch
work with documents movies games and so
next is a very budget tablet
which of course is not enough stars from the sky
but with a battery capacity of 3250
and milliamp-hours and thanks
economical resource allocation he
serve you up to 8 hours at
multimedia mode so
agree very nice heart
the device is a cortex a9 processor 1 and 2
gigahertz who work with one
gigabytes of ram
model comes with different volume
onboard memory in my
hands 8 gigabyte version but in ours
stores and he you can find models with
16 gigabytes inside also device
supports of course the memory card
up to 32 gigabytes
purchase from us in the store and besides
25 gigabytes per user available
journal box on each year free of charge and further on
subscription
All very well with wireless
for such an inexpensive device here
There is also a Wi-Fi bgm and bluetooth 4.0 and
module it is de pelo that catch
literally everywhere for lovers
orienteering city there
gps module
there are also standard sensors
lighting and position it all
Splendor works from operating
android system version 4.2 in
complete with acer iconia b1 tablet
711 you get a charger unit
devices usb wire and microusb and
of course user guides
warranty cards
so in our review dear friends
Today was acer iconia b1 711 tablet
come to our stores
we are always welcome and our specialists are more
addition will always help you to customize
equipment exclusively according to your needs
besides, if there is something in this world
unshakable constant then this is ours
delivery it works even at night it
does that mean in our online store you
you can always prove everything and everywhere
subscribe round the clock to our
channel like and leave
comments with you was a lab
digital center ion stanislav stay
stay in touch with us